Add warning for exception where channel option must not have comma before (#3508)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/dsl2.rst

        sayHello.out.verbiage.view()
    }

> .. warning:: Channel options in processes are always added with a comma before to separate the directive value from the optional attribute. The case for ``stdout`` is an
>     exception, as you must not add the comma right after ``stdout`` for adding the ``emit`` channel option. It happens this way because ``stdout`` doesn't have a value, as it is usually the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
  Optional params for a process input/output are always prefixed with a comma, except for ``stdout``. Because
  ``stdout`` does not have an associated name or value like other types, the first param should not be prefixed.
```

        sayHello.out.verbiage.view()
    }

> .. warning::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::
```
